Ux 569 update readme (#194)
acl-services/paprika: README.md

![Paprika logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10501940/52080175-07327400-254c-11e9-9748-7a00f93a13a8.png)

<h1 align="center">Paprika</h1>
<p align="center">Paprika is a react component library of the <a href="https://design.wegalvanize.com">Starling Design System</a>.</p>
<div align="center">
<img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/acl-services/paprika">
<img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/acl-services/paprika">
</div>
<br>

Paprika is a collection of reusable components that are versioned and downloaded individually which is built and maintained by [Galvanize](https://www.wegalvanize.com).

[Npm](https://www.npmjs.com/org/paprika) |
[Storybook](https://paprika.highbond.com) | 

> [Airtable](https://airtable.com/tblKm8hk9hxOhSjqZ/viwWfRyRdodyS2xVv?blocks=hide)

Reviewer: This link is public, no login required!
https://airtable.com/shrkJwkvtbgc3FT22

![Paprika logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10501940/52080175-07327400-254c-11e9-9748-7a00f93a13a8.png)

<h1 align="center">Paprika</h1>

> <p align="center">Paprika is a react component library of the <a href="https://design.wegalvanize.com">Starling Design System</a>.</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<p align="center">Paprika is the React component library of the <a href="https://design.wegalvanize.com">Starling Design System</a>.</p>
```
not sure about the article (it's not some library, it's _the_ library? )

Author: What about just
`React component library of the Starling Design System`

Author: We say Paprika above anyways

Reviewer 2: works for me 👍

<div align="center">
<img alt="react version" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-v16.8.2-green.svg">
<img alt="node version" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node-v10.0.0%2B-brightgreen.svg">
<img alt="yarn version" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/yarn-v1.12.3%2B-yellowgreen.svg">
<img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/acl-services/paprika">
<img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/acl-services/paprika">
</div>
<br>

> Paprika is a collection of reusable components that are versioned and downloaded individually which is built and maintained by [Galvanize](https://www.wegalvanize.com).

Reviewer 2: How about
```suggestion
Paprika is a collection of individually versioned and distributed reusable components built and maintained by [Galvanize](https://www.wegalvanize.com).
```

[Storybook](https://paprika.highbond.com) |
[Npm](https://www.npmjs.com/org/paprika) |
[Airtable](https://airtable.com/shrkJwkvtbgc3FT22)

## Installation and usage

### Prerequisites

> Paprika has a `peerDependecy` of `styled-components` so make sure to install it as a dependency in your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Paprika has a `peerDependency` on `styled-components` so make sure to install it as a dependency in your project.
```
I think "on" is more commonly used

Author: i can always count on u 😍

```sh
yarn add styled-components
```

- Node v10.0.0+
- Yarn v1.12.3+

### Example of installing a component

> The following is an example of the button component, but all other components will be installed in a similiar way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is an example of the button component, but all other components will be installed in a similar way.
```

1. Installing the button package:

```sh
yarn add @paprika/button
```

2. In your project:

```js
import React from "react";
import Button from "@paprika/button";

> export default <Button>Hello</Button>;

Reviewer 2: This example makes no sense 😄 Let's at least say
```suggestion
export default () => <Button>Hello</Button>;
```

Author: This is what happens when doing documentation while sick looool

```

## Contributors guide

> We welcome anyone to contribute to paprika by submitting a pull request, filing a bug report or asking for a feature request. For more information please check out our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/acl-services/paprika/wiki/Contributing-Guidelines) wiki page.

Reviewer 2: A request is already an ask. Maybe "making a feature request"?
